What's going on?
Hello Manager Xu
Long time no see.
I didn't see you when I went to the bank.
I have resigned
Sign the company's measures now
This time it's my boss
Hello. Hello.
Are you here to buy a house today?
Ah, that's right.
My boss wants to buy a house
But this gentleman doesn't seem to let us buy it.
What!
He won't let you buy it.
How old is he?
Tell me which set do you watch?
I will book with you immediately.
Manager Li
Your rule here is
Whoever spends more money will listen to whoever
If so
I want all your properties
What? Is this some kind of joke?
Oh, hmm.
Mr. Chen does have this strength
He is a black card friend of the Commercial Savings Bank
As expected of Mr. Chen
Hurry up and sign the contract for Mr. Chen
Ok uh wait a minute
The lady introduced me just now was very stingy
very
Headache, I want to rob him, Mr. Chen Chen
Are you sure you want all of them?
I will criticize you today about the house.
The two people behind me
What are you two doing now?
Get out of here!